now Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has acknowledged that the
United States and Israel have different
ideas of what Gaza will look like after
the war but he has thanked Washington
for its ongoing support Netanyahu
specifically referred to the Palestinian
Authority saying he does not want it to
control
Gaza I greatly appreciate the American
support for destroying Hamas and
returning our hostages following an
intensive dialogue with President Biden
and team we received full backing for
the ground incursion and blocking the
international pressure to stop the war
yes there is disagreement about the day
after Hamas and I hope that we will
reach an agreement here as well I would
also like to clarify my position I will
not allow Israel to repeat the mistake
of
Oslo Imran Khan is live for us now in
Tel Imran what more did we hear from
Benjamin
Netanyahu well there some context before
I get into that that's worth just
updating you on uh the Prime Minister
there referring to Oslo he made a
statement uh saying comparing the deaths
of Israelis on October the 7th to the
deaths of Israelis uh after the Oslo
Peace Accords were signed in 1993 and
then the inada happened that angered a
lot of people in Israel but he's doubl
down on it he's basically saying uh that
um he's not going to allow any type of
peace process that will allow Hamas uh
to stand he also um clarified then uh
that he's also not in really that
interested in talking about the day
after right now uh what he wants to do
is keep a conversation going about what
happens the day after he's under a lot
of pressure when it comes to this day
after what's is Ro's plan for the day
after uh the Americans say they want to
revitalize Palestinian Authority to take
charge of the Govern the strip that's
something uh that the Prime Minister
hasn't um committed to as of yet most
Israeli analysts that you speak to
particularly um on the far right of
things uh simply want a military
occupation of Gaza and he's talking
about that uh even more we've heard
leaks from the security cabinet where he
mentions uh the military occupation of
Gaza that seems to be the only uh thing
that he wants however there'll be a lot
of pressure from the International
Community and from within Israel itself
to allow the Palestinian Authority to
rule there but what shape that takes no
one knows and no one has any idea
certainly not uh the Prime Minister Iman
Khan thanks very much
indeed